[**semafy**](../README.md)

***

[semafy](../globals.md) / MultiUnlockError

# Class: MultiUnlockError

Defined in: [src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts:12](https://github.com/havelessbemore/semafy/blob/b127757771d72c42d7cd66798069cb41033064d6/src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts#L12)

Represents an error that occurs when attempting to unlock multiple [BasicLockable](../interfaces/BasicLockable.md) objects simultaneously.

This error provides detailed information about the failure of unlocking operations, including specifics
about any errors that occurred. It ensures that any partial state due to errors can be adequately handled.

## Extends

- [`LockError`](LockError.md)

## Constructors

### Constructor

> **new MultiUnlockError**(`locks`, `numUnlocked`, `unlockErrors`, `message?`): `MultiUnlockError`

Defined in: [src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts:21](https://github.com/havelessbemore/semafy/blob/b127757771d72c42d7cd66798069cb41033064d6/src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts#L21)

#### Parameters

##### locks

[`BasicLockable`](../interfaces/BasicLockable.md)[]

The array of all lockable objects that were part of the operation.

##### numUnlocked

`number`

The number of unlocks successfully updated before failure.

##### unlockErrors

\[`number`, `unknown`\][] = `[]`

An array of [index, error] pairs that contain the index of the lock in
the `locks` array and the error that occurred while attempting to unlock it. Useful for
debugging unexpected issues during unlocking.

##### message?

`string`

An optional custom error message that describes the error.

#### Returns

`MultiUnlockError`

#### Overrides

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`constructor`](LockError.md#constructor)

## Properties

### cause?

> `optional` **cause**: `unknown`

Defined in: node\_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.error.d.ts:26

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`cause`](LockError.md#cause)

***

### locks

> **locks**: [`BasicLockable`](../interfaces/BasicLockable.md)[]

Defined in: [src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts:22](https://github.com/havelessbemore/semafy/blob/b127757771d72c42d7cd66798069cb41033064d6/src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts#L22)

The array of all lockable objects that were part of the operation.

***

### message

> **message**: `string`

Defined in: node\_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es5.d.ts:1077

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`message`](LockError.md#message)

***

### name

> **name**: `string`

Defined in: node\_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es5.d.ts:1076

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`name`](LockError.md#name)

***

### numUnlocked

> **numUnlocked**: `number`

Defined in: [src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts:23](https://github.com/havelessbemore/semafy/blob/b127757771d72c42d7cd66798069cb41033064d6/src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts#L23)

The number of unlocks successfully updated before failure.

***

### stack?

> `optional` **stack**: `string`

Defined in: node\_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es5.d.ts:1078

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`stack`](LockError.md#stack)

***

### unlockErrors

> **unlockErrors**: \[`number`, `unknown`\][] = `[]`

Defined in: [src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts:24](https://github.com/havelessbemore/semafy/blob/b127757771d72c42d7cd66798069cb41033064d6/src/errors/multiUnlockError.ts#L24)

An array of [index, error] pairs that contain the index of the lock in
the `locks` array and the error that occurred while attempting to unlock it. Useful for
debugging unexpected issues during unlocking.

***

### stackTraceLimit

> `static` **stackTraceLimit**: `number`

Defined in: node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:162

The `Error.stackTraceLimit` property specifies the number of stack frames
collected by a stack trace (whether generated by `new Error().stack` or
`Error.captureStackTrace(obj)`).

The default value is `10` but may be set to any valid JavaScript number. Changes
will affect any stack trace captured _after_ the value has been changed.

If set to a non-number value, or set to a negative number, stack traces will
not capture any frames.

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`stackTraceLimit`](LockError.md#stacktracelimit)

## Methods

### captureStackTrace()

> `static` **captureStackTrace**(`targetObject`, `constructorOpt?`): `void`

Defined in: node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:146

Creates a `.stack` property on `targetObject`, which when accessed returns
a string representing the location in the code at which
`Error.captureStackTrace()` was called.

```js
const myObject = {};
Error.captureStackTrace(myObject);
myObject.stack;  // Similar to `new Error().stack`
```

The first line of the trace will be prefixed with
`${myObject.name}: ${myObject.message}`.

The optional `constructorOpt` argument accepts a function. If given, all frames
above `constructorOpt`, including `constructorOpt`, will be omitted from the
generated stack trace.

The `constructorOpt` argument is useful for hiding implementation
details of error generation from the user. For instance:

```js
function a() {
  b();
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function c() {
  // Create an error without stack trace to avoid calculating the stack trace twice.
  const { stackTraceLimit } = Error;
  Error.stackTraceLimit = 0;
  const error = new Error();
  Error.stackTraceLimit = stackTraceLimit;

  // Capture the stack trace above function b
  Error.captureStackTrace(error, b); // Neither function c, nor b is included in the stack trace
  throw error;
}

a();
```

#### Parameters

##### targetObject

`object`

##### constructorOpt?

`Function`

#### Returns

`void`

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`captureStackTrace`](LockError.md#capturestacktrace)

***

### prepareStackTrace()

> `static` **prepareStackTrace**(`err`, `stackTraces`): `any`

Defined in: node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:150

#### Parameters

##### err

`Error`

##### stackTraces

`CallSite`[]

#### Returns

`any`

#### See

https://v8.dev/docs/stack-trace-api#customizing-stack-traces

#### Inherited from

[`LockError`](LockError.md).[`prepareStackTrace`](LockError.md#preparestacktrace)
